website/integrations: Update Komga instructions to add "email_verified" attribute to "email" claim. (#20135)
goauthentik/authentik: website/integrations/media/komga/index.md

To support the integration of Komga with authentik, you need to create an application/provider pair in authentik.

### Create a Scope Mapping in authentik

> Komga requires the email scope to return a true value for whether the email address is verified. As of [authentik 2025.10](https://docs.goauthentik.io/releases/2025.10/#default-oauth-scope-mappings) the default behavior is to return `email_verified: False`, so a custom scope mapping is required for Komga to allow authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Komga requires the email scope to return a value  of `True` on the `email_verified` setting, for whether the email address is verified. As of [authentik 2025.10](https://docs.goauthentik.io/releases/2025.10/#default-oauth-scope-mappings) the default behavior is to return `email_verified: False`, so a custom scope mapping is required for Komga to allow authentication.
```

:::warning
This part of the guide does not cover a robust email verification process that ensures email addresses associated to users are theirs. Failure to set one up might be unsafe in a lot of infrastructures.
:::

1. Log in to authentik as an administrator and open the authentik Admin interface.
2. Navigate to **Customization** > **Property Mappings** and click **Create**.
3. Choose **Scope Mapping** and click **Next**.
4. Fill out with the following information, then click **Finish**.

>    - **Name**: OAuth Mapping: OpenID 'email' with "email_verified"

Reviewer: For the Name field... is that exact format required, or suggested? If you're referring to the setting of `email_verified`, then let's use single ticks, not quotation marks. And by 'email' do you mean email address?

   - **Scope name**: email
   - **Description**: Email address
   - **Expression**: `See next point`

> #### Option 1: email is always verified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Option 1: email address is always verified
```

> In non-production environment, you can set up the **Scope Mapping** to always set the **Expression** to `True`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In non-production environment, you can use the **Expression** field in the **Scope Mapping** in  to set `email_verified` to `True`.
```

```python
return {
    "email": request.user.email,
    "email_verified": True
}
```

#### Option 2: email verification is tied to a user's attribute

> In environments where safety is crucial, set the **Expression** to a user's attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In environments where safety is crucial, use the **Expression** to map the `email_verified` setting to a user's attribute.
```
